Add FEniCS adapter (#357)
precice/tutorials: tools/tests/README.md

openfoam-adapter:
  repository: https://github.com/precice/openfoam-adapter
  template: component-templates/openfoam-adapter.yaml
  build_arguments: # these things mean something to the docker-service
    OPENFOAM_EXECUTABLE:
      options: ["openfoam2112"]
      description: exectuable of openfoam to use

>       default: "openfoam2112"

Author: I just copied the current components.yaml file. Since its documentation and only there to showcase syntax and style i would leave it as is

- `template`: A template for a Docker Compose service of this component
- `build-arguments`: Arguments passed to the Docker Compose service (arbitrary)

#### Naming schema for build_arguments

Since the docker containers are still a bit mixed in terms of capabilities and support for different build_argument combinations the following rules apply:

> - A build_argument ending in **_TAG** means that a image of some kind needs to be available with that tag.
> - A build_argument ending in **_REF** means that it refers to a git reference (like a branch or commit) beeing used to built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A build_argument ending in **_TAG** means that an image of some kind needs to be available with that tag.
- A build_argument ending in **_REF** means that it refers to a git reference (like a branch or commit) beeing used to build the image.
```
